so they've no shortage of terminal
Tucker on the market these days I know
you've got something tucked away in
there which is ideal for keeping it all
in one place yeah I have indeed this is
the all-in-one rig station heartful
range
nice chunky zips yeah and as with any
other hard cost oh yeah all of its built
to stop breaking this stuff is really
really really good material and really
heavy-duty zips this is taken all your
bulk terminal tackle like to say there's
plenty of it on the market some guys
take more than others but it's a now my
she took you get it in here my Cape will
meet day to day bits in a little bag as
I need it but generally my bulk metal
goes in here as you can see the spaces
for everything baby needles all your
various hook link materials see on these
little boxes in there they they have you
put those in oh no no no that will comes
with it yeah everything apart from the
spools of line okay now it comes
supplied before these little I probably
hook things they've also got like a
sculpted front right so yeah you don't
have to lick your finger and things out
if you want something you just slide it
up the front and there is see a key you
like you hope you've got some rubbers
yeah yeah Bob's everyone's got a
different you know different setup and a
live an idea of what they want you know
we're back to this organization thing
which runs throughout all of the
hardcore stuff yeah it's it's there to
make life genuinely easy absolutely yeah
it's a place for everything and
everything in its place
really and then this one position one
for ya this appear ready tied rigs
especially handy if you use stiff links
yeah when you sort of a thing you want
to keep in shape
you know you can obviously just hook the
hook through there and you've got two
little pouches of two little containers
at the end there that we've got you Matt
pins in they just stretch them out
pop that further swivel I mean you pay
money just for something like that any
all included in the yes I'm sure you
probably pay as much for that you can
pay for the whole set up I'll let you
say a lot of people do like to take a
variety bits and bobs with us I think
yeah be extremely pocket yeah
yeah oh yeah